all right hello everyone welcome to the
IPF s sprint sink this is where we all
get to talk about what kind of sinks me
like no that's ridiculous this is where
we talk about what we've done this past
week we're going to do next week how
we're doing what locked on and so on if
you've been here before you know the
drill if you're just coming because I
give / pn forefront management where we
talk about I would do or insular now in
physical mixed up because we're just
gonna have this 30 minutes to an hour
locksmith today um one of our team
members Emily can't make it today so I
have some announcements to make about
her from her rather basically that we
have a workshop coming other will be an
issue about it hosted very very soon
25th and 26th is going to be awesome
it's gonna be in lisbon portugal check
out the thing it's going to be able
you're going to be able to work on it
work like without BFS and hack on it
with us remotely as well so if we can't
make the lisbon don't worry if you can't
make the lisbon it'll be totally awesome
so just keep your eyes peeled on to I
PFS / community will be posting an issue
that very very soon and you can also
submit suggestions about what you want
to hear again more coming later look at
IPS community the next friends for the
next two weeks are going to be a bit
different so July 18 to 20 25th we're
going to have basically some open
sessions for our third quarter
roadmapping further projects and self
reference so on July eighteenth one of
these of intestines will take place
instead of this print so keep an eye on
because p.m. for more details about that
and I'm glad 25th is Princeton to be
replaced by the IPF s workshop i just
mentioned which is going to be like a
two-day hackathon hacking sessions
things that basically you guys suggest
and we think should be worked on and so
we're gonna details through super fun
look at happy this community for that
and as soon as the set of calendar is
finalized will publish it for you guys
so those are basically the two updates
from emily for now we're going to be
doing this normally and what we're going
to do is go through all the people
beliefs here in alphabetical order and
talk about what we did last week what
we're going to do next week we have an
either pad for this but i don't think
animals for anything on the agenda so i
don't think we're going to be following
that but it's almost to take notes that
would be cool
um if we have notes of the way since
we'll be on YouTube further and we're
going to be going off of the old I PFS
sprint for tasks that have tons of all
posted little text updates there if you
want to just read along and that
basically sums it up there's one hey one
who's it going cool so we just started I
just described everything and now we
have dignified choir who is also in us
real who will be talking about what he
did last week his blockers and what's
going on next week right over that cool
Oh everyone thank your church for this
awesome introduction okay let me see I
was working on two main things last week
I was working on field these things I
guess I'm feedback on my you filthy I
peeled the implementation I worked on
the ipd playground which it is like a
couple react components which I threw
together that we will use so that you
can play with IPO d your browser like
see how it works it does and I also
worked on the design for the upcoming
IPO d2l page and on this front um I
mainly waiting now gonna get some
feedback on this next week and then go
from there the other front I worked on
was say hello for JavaScript and all
things javascript related um I wrote
zucchero before I went to on holidays I
kind of eroded nearly except for the
crypto parish just stream processing
pirate again now when I was back because
there were problems before now I wrote
it and thought it was fixed trying to
implement it trying to integrate it with
the JavaScript swarm layer and figured
that there are more bugs in stream
processing making my left really really
sad so I spent really really much time
on trying to figure out where streams do
break and what they don't do and why my
messages get lost transit um I'm going
to have a long talk with all JavaScript
developers sometime this week hopefully
about how we can solve this because this
is a pre underlying problem that we have
I've been fixing string books more than
anything else on the JavaScript
implementation that we really need to
figure out how to solve this and how to
move forward with this because it's a
very underlying concept of pretty much
all we do in the PTP and if this is not
a hundred percent solid which is not at
all at this point in time we have a big
problem going further so i started doing
lots of research and reading up and
trying to figure out things around this
what a trim tips we can do how to move
on that yeah that was also what you did
with our xjs so far it's like beautiful
beautiful yes we should talk about more
with especially David um in listen and
see kind of how to proceed with that yes
that's a fun to talk through all the
different solutions and figure out how
we go from there yeah good good job so
far awesome stuff thank you um yes so
that's that's my main thing that I will
be doing guest getting but next week as
well getting feedback on the fpd stuff
and moving out hopefully along the
progress on figuring out how to to all
this screaming things in JavaScript life
thank you in questions questions sweet
that sounds awesome thank you for you
one do you want to go no okay we have
kuba so ah you hear me ok and see me
okay got them at the airports of the
white face we're calling all gone ok so
in past week I started working on the
matrix interface that would be very very
small piece of gold
that we could include everywhere to
inject metrics this will allow us to
inject met the metrics in places we
didn't do clean the before because the
Prometheus code is huge I've also fixed
the IP NS up which is temporary code
that allows someone to put the shakiness
entry from dusts without running the
node we need to think that permanently
because there's some small issue 3 X in
the state I I hope revealing and for
some time delaying introduction of 2p
arts because we have reintroduced field
in chaos we introduced a few catching
the caching via solutions and I've run a
lot of benchmarks on them and we decided
to delay them from 0 points for free for
now and maybe open from open for four
and because we don't have enough time to
decide if they are really helpful or not
and i think that's it i hope really hope
we get to release a point four point
three RC one on days like today tomorrow
or day after tomorrow that because we
are all traveling it could be hard and
that's it sweet are you blocking
anything no i think so like I can check
if those PR are you or not
cool and whenever the questions were
cool one if you could reveal the private
kpr it'd be awesome it is something want
to get to 4.3 and really is waiting on
that you did and that's it yeah it's
just a semi the link on our CEO or make
sure to review today
sweet um thanks goober it's also hot you
mean it on yeah sorry okay so this week
a spent mostly going through you have
that clock and github issues answering
and commenting on everything that I
missed in the last three weeks um so
kind of admin week in that sense as well
as arranging all the travels and you're
tiring talks for for this week in this
one as well as for the yeah basically
preparing a lot of Oxton doing admin
stuff I did get on to orbit this week
started refactoring basically the main
class uh why that is is that we have
accumulated quite a bit of technical
depth on that and that needs to be
cleared and basically I want to put it
all back together so it works with JSI
TFS as well as we go i hear this and
there was one pull request from Klaus
thank you very much for that that was
awesome um that I'm still working
through and and iterating with it's
close but there are some good stuff
coming in to to orbit from other people
than me so that's awesome and yeah read
this week next week will be um yeah
basically very little code in a lot of
discussions with multiple people in the
project as to what we're gonna do next
so that's it
sweet any questions for hot thank you
forgot to say that you found all the
bugs and ASAP FS yeah some bugs were
there but um I guess later this week we
can talk about all the J sake of his
work with with damaging bolt that as
well yeah well I think enough till the
week before this week I spent too much
time in mas Amedda w3c conference
talking it's a deli to see blockchain
conference and the purpose of that was
to talk about IPL d and li PP as a way
to start creating standards there one of
the big goals that we have upcoming is
to turn I peel the into a proper
standard we have a design and spec for
ourselves but we want to create a proper
internet standard and what it's not yet
clear whether that will live in the IETF
or w3c but it'll be very good to have an
actual thing that other people can
implement independently and having a
standard will help people adopt this a
lot of people are already depending on
the on the protocol in various ways so
that'll give it a certain stability and
people will be able to rely on it same
goes for lippy DP look into these lesser
that's it there but it still relevant to
a lot of things to people are doing with
fluxion tech in general one of the
things that I that wants to do is let's
talk about both live TV and multi
formats there will do for my son another
set of things that um yeah we said you
talked about so multi hash macchiato and
all those things one of the things that
comes out of that is cleaning up the
specs of those flushing them out to
actually become nice standards the multi
formats themselves are small enough and
are not really related to the web so
they properly probably belong in IETF so
we'll be starting up a an effort to
actually create like a working group
in the IDF and actually make standard
hollows cool so that after that I spent
much time I've last weekend this week
doing some like high-level project
management across across the board
looking at various different efforts
that are kind of on the sidelines or
getting either left behind over getting
started on them so one of them is I
penis cluster so a lot of interest on a
cluster in general and we're starting
work on that we now have like a team a
team kicking off work on that so if
people are interested in I penis cluster
now would be the time to get involved
there's a repo for it and you can check
it out another thing that's getting
rolling is the there's like an effort to
do some mapping on top I PFS so this is
it follows on work that David are dead
early run with mapping tiles on putting
those massive s um so there will be more
fun stuff in that direction or since you
already around there and there's some
interesting stuff development developing
and we want to work towards demo square
we have not only a huge data structure
that represents all the tiles on a on a
map at a given moment but also a version
history across it so you can see the
differences in maps across time and
ultimately then also include routing
information so you can actually get you
can think about resolving routing
queries over a graph on a map getting to
that level would be a really great
proved work with for proof like demo for
people to be able to see like how you
might create data structures like this
how you might run algorithms like
routing which is pretty difficult and so
on so it's like a good problem to to
solve because it fits a lot of different
types another one of those efforts is
the IPL the importers so that's how we
represent a bunch of different files and
Marco perhaps an activist and so we we
need
a bit of work to make that a little
project in and of itself because it can
be very useful even beyond I PFS so one
of the good things that might come out
of this is that we could contribute that
back to get soaked it could actually
potentially version like large things as
well using I feel D grass and it would
be very interesting to see what it looks
like to include I feel D graphs and get
the long before that is just a on our
site is just like the process of turning
those few conversations that we have a
hat around structuring I feel D graphs
for things like archives and things like
videos and so on and actually make it a
short response um another one of those
is XD the thing that I'm right now
calling xtp which is the external
transfer protocol and so that is a way
of solving this problem in lipstick
poppy where we depend on a lot of
different we want to be able to depend
on a bunch of different transports
things like you TP or click or Bluetooth
and so on and many times the
implementations for those are pretty
support scarce so you can't actually
find like really good implementations
and whatever language you're working on
or if in go you have to like them Dulce
go and it's a huge mess or sometimes
implementations that you find in your
language or buggy so the goal is to
create a a structure where you you can
instantiate the transport outside and an
external process and that could be in
whatever runtime it needs to be to match
whatever the best implementation out
there is and then you communicate with
that over a pipe so it's a little bit
slower than men you would want for all
transports but it solves the but
actually get a worth getting a problem
so we're just getting am a a and I first
started around that will be really
really useful there's other random
things aren't around both contributing
contributing a bit to the blog bffs
release um and also discussing a bunch
of different future I PFS things with
people that are interested in taste like
running around bit swap or you know how
much of like think applications is
ideally and semantic web and so on arm
and like actually linked data graphs and
scheme added org and identity and so on
so it's a few of these conversations are
materializing into actual products
relatively soon cool I think that's a
that covers a few of the things Oh any
questions from people all right awesome
sweet thanks one that's awesome that
sounds great looking forward to hearing
more about liability riddle jesam your
mood uh yeah I just want to say this is
pretty great I'm really looking forward
to the multi formats Lord move out at
miss tenderized their own that's pretty
cool agreed yeah that sounds great and
it sounds really cool delight we're
involved with temperature you see stuff
as well Leah sauce cool alright so next
up we have Nathan who is actually walks
a lot on IRC or engine ever seven or
something on kiddo who can't make it
because he's on van hotel Wi-Fi but he
posted an update in the sprint issue so
I'm just going to read it quickly as
Nathan this past week I took on some
jazz happiness interrupt asked to define
the block version ID and a few other
commands currently testing two different
responses from jsf DFS and BFS HTTP I
also built a distributed registry of the
GX package Minister is uses in penned
only log in the theory and smart
contract published in the map human
readable name status hashes of the data
in the repo I've went to flush it ideas
for this using this log for other mode
frequency update state paps cheers that
sounds super awesome if I haven't had a
Syrian mentioned in the address once in
a while so I'm super excited about that
oh they don't have any questions for
Nathan you can drop them in the IRC and
he will answer them I'm having me read
them and then answering new kind of
double leave redundant but thank you so
much Nathan for this is awesome and I
think we should totally do this more
people post issues and I can read them
they don't want to be
hang out for the reason where they can't
make it so feel free to do that i also
want to hold space right now for our
missing members lars who's currently on
plane and why her sleeping he was
currently on plane and emily was
currently on a plane and david diaz who
is somewhere reading a paper i honestly
don't know what country he's in but i'm
excited he's probably on a train though
worth mentioning that a the 0 for 3 I
think maybe who are you already
mentioned this but the 0 for 3 release
for God's because is coming up soon yeah
so there's release candidates am working
so you want to help out with testing
that's a great place to help in
particular helping cast migrations
because there's an immigration in this
release and making sure that everything
is really kosher if I'd um holy there's
no sort of how pleased about with the
episodes migrations tool with you except
there's been some some things over from
their deals and like one more more
testing with the awesome um and before
we finished as one other person who
hasn't talked yet which is me hi um so I
did some stuff last week um basically I
worked a lot on project repose in
Hollywood I've been like a bit of a push
to past few weeks to make it a lot
better if you go right now to project
des reposed I think that's two I owe it
looks really awesome oh just add a few
more things badging these files and so
on there's a lot of red stuff um if the
red stuff is long and in a wine that
means that someone has emerged my PR
because I don't you know PR like forty
different like a hundred different repos
a couple weeks ago and some of those
haven't been reached yet so if you want
something to do go through and look at
Copeland repos from Richard lit on
github out super appreciated I also
worked a tiny bit unnamed contributors
which is now fixed so it works perfectly
so when we get a newsletter back up and
running we will be able to get people
really really easily without using like
20 different sub modules which turned
out to be a cluster hell but anyway fix
that and hoping to do more with that I
also did some work on standard read me
which is really cool and hoping Smith
essence in conferences later and I have
like a draft with the talk for that and
almost I'd really appreciate it
and otherwise i just made a lot of time
I'm getting ready for next week and
planning the q3 workshop so that's kind
of what I did they don't have any
questions sweet awesome um so yeah that
concludes our sprint final comments
questions mentions you alright that's
cool it's called if all these planes get
down safely yeah for sure let's hope
like the airport it's just you're just
Lana hey hey loading are you gonna wait
room in the airborne yeah I think he'll
gonna like it's five minutes away it's a
typical whole design with like at ldi or
she might know already yeah so that's it
thank you everyone for coming and
remember we have a workshop we're gonna
announce very soon in the github I PFS /
communities prints and otherwise go
forth spread the decentralized gospel
and I'll talk to you later bye Cheers
thank you